admin: add sso troubleshooting (#20497)
docker/docs: content/security/for-admins/single-sign-on/troubleshoot.md

---
description: Learn how to troubleshoot common SSO issues.
keywords: sso, troubleshoot, single sign-on
title: Troubleshoot single sign-on
---

While configuring or using single sign-on (SSO), you may encounter issues that
can stem from your identity provider (IdP) or Docker configuration. The
following sections describe how to view the error messages in the Docker Admin
Console as well as some common errors and possible solutions. You can also see
your identity provider's documentation to learn if you can view error logs in
their service.

## View SSO and SCIM error logs

1. Sign in to the [Admin Console](https://app.docker.com/admin/).
2. Select your organization or company in the left navigation drop-down menu,
   and then select **SSO and SCIM**.
3. In the SSO connections table, select the **Actions** icon and **View error
   logs**. The **Connection errors** page appears with a list of errors that
   have occurred in the past 7 days.

> 4. In the **Connection errors** page, select an error message for more details.

Reviewer: suggestion: 
```suggestion
4. In the **Connection errors** page, click on the **View error details** button next to an error message for more details.
```
